well let's hammer to the next
list dog is about radios
stupid that he has put his dog on
name we said and it belongs to says that
belongs to mortadelo to you miserable
my name would be if I had put it on
to a donkey we go now I myself had
bring the black pudding to my dog ​​does not give the
crap that before will have to go through
on top of my corpse so that those
we have defense that me here is not
each frame
all right
the anti-whack device has
functioned I will make myself strong in my
bastion resist the siege that mortadelo
is going to be agreed when you can not
enter through a door you enter through the
window I'm already inside a false wall
with miserable window that has been stuck
a bump of relief because if I can not
enter through the door or through the window
I will go through the page, you will not be
hey the boss must be it explodes
face to face the jackal to know what
that is a prick in the little ball
these little seeds of instant cactus
They are fine cinnamon
in poison
the iriana fuck trap when I came by
this door
kill him where he has gotten filled
unclean
well, little friend invasion of moth
you want in your home talk to me do not
speak to see if I can catch a
Once the mortadelo pooch go and up
here the boss again is not stubborn nor
nothing at all anyone can be
drop a flowerpot
the lady is worth or the thing the boss and his
happy good manners will be better than
hide the dog a season wing
filemón let's go
I already have you let's swallow the pill
morcilla has caused you a
short on the swindler battery
trickster swindler presents a dog
mechanic in contest doggie what
I have left without battery